# Serif.nu Developer Reference

## Scripts

* `npm start` Runs the app in development mode. Auto-opens in browser.
* `npm test` Runs eslint (with autofix on), then runs all unit tests. Includes code coverage output in terminal. After running this, coverage file can be found under `/coverage/index.html`.
* `npm run lint` Runs eslint with autofix on.
* `npm run unit-test` Runs tests without linting.
* `npx jest {PATH_TO_YOUR_TEST_FILE}` Runs a specific test file.
* `npx jest {PATH_TO_YOUR_TEST_FILE} -u` Runs a specific test file and updates all of the snapshots within it.
* `npm run coverage` Runs code coverage analysis, then auto-opens coverage html file in browser.
* `npm run build` Builds a production version of the app. Output can be found in `/dist`.

## Repo Directory Structure

`/coverage` - auto generated by istanbul to contain test coverage information

`/docs` - contains various documentation files

`/node_modules` - this is where npm installs all of our dependency packages

`/public` - this is where we put the static files that we want served to the actual web. They'll get compiled into our build.

`/src` - this is where our source code for the app itself lives.

`/src/actions` - the Redux action type constants and the action creators live here.

`/src/components` - all of our React components live here.

`/src/data` - our JSON course data lives here.

`/src/effects` - all of our side effect functions live here.

`/src/images` - self explanatory

`/src/reducers` - our Redux reducers live here.

`/src/selectors` - our Redux selectors live here.

`/src/util` - any helper/utility functions live here.

`/package.json` - very important file! Contains basic information about our app such as its name, and lists out all of our app's dependencies. This is what allows npm to install the development environment correctly whenever someone pulls down a fresh clone of the repo.

## Data Model

See [the Sans-Serif docs](https://github.com/Joonpark13/sans-serif).
